the call of the military on your time is different in civilian life there
are times for instance if you're in a combat zone where the call
is all the time if you're in active combat you're on duty twenty four
hours a day trying to keep yourself alive and achieve your mission
and there are times when you're not in a combat situation where there's
a tremendous amount of spare time and mostly that's granted to
you to take time to do things interventions to you even in combat situations
for instance while I was in Vietnam I was given to one week
periods where they flew me anywhere in the Pacific Rim that I want
to go to visit so I spent a week in Australia all on my own doing anything
I want to do and we can Japan later on the same way but in general
the military we give you weekends off in general they give you
thirty days leave here where you can go where you want do whatever
you want and they do what they call basket leave that is leave they
just give you it's not charge against your leave they just tell you
don't come to work for a couple of days so it kind of evens out so
there is a lot of spare time from time to time but those who do ship
or duty same deal once you're at sea you might spend twelve hours a
day on your job and have very little time other than to sleep and keep
yourself clean but when you're sure you might have a lot of spare
time